The President:
Happy New Year, everybody.
This week, I traveled
to Cleveland, Ohio,
to talk with folks about the
biggest challenge we face as a
country -- rebuilding our
economy so that, once again,
hard work pays off,
responsibility is rewarded,
and anyone, regardless of who
they are or where they come
from, can make it if they try.
That's the economy
America deserves.
That's the economy I'm
fighting every day to build.
Now, to get there, the most
important thing we need to do is
to get more Americans
back to work.
And over the past three years,
we've made steady progress.
We just learned that our economy
added 212,000 private sector
jobs in December.
After losing more than 8
million jobs in the recession,
we've added more than 3 million
private sector jobs over the
past 22 months.
And we're starting 2012 with
manufacturing on the rise and
the American auto
industry on the mend.
We're heading in
the right direction.
And we're not going to let up.
On Wednesday the White House
will host a forum called
"Insourcing American Jobs."
We'll hear from business leaders
who are bringing jobs back home
and see how we can help other
businesses follow their lead.
Because this is a make or break
moment for the middle class and
all those working to get there.
We've got to keep at it.
We've got to keep creating jobs.
And we've got to keep rebuilding
our economy so that everyone
gets a fair shot, everyone
does their fair share --
and everyone plays
by the same rules.
We can't go back to the days
when the financial system was
stacking the deck against
ordinary Americans.
To me, that's not an option.
Not after everything
we've been through.
That's why I appointed Richard
Cordray as our nation's new
consumer watchdog this week.
Richard's job is simple:
to look out for you.
Every day, his sole mission
is to protect consumers from
potential abuses by the
financial industry and to make
sure that you've got all the
transparent information you need
to make the important financial
decisions in your lives.
I nominated Richard for
this job last summer.
And yet, Republicans in the
Senate kept blocking his
confirmation -- not because
they objected to him,
but because they wanted
to weaken his agency.
That made no sense.
Every day we waited was a day
you and consumers all across the
country were at
greater financial risk.
So this year, I'm going to keep
doing whatever it takes to move
this economy forward and to make
sure that middle class families
regain the security they've
lost over the past decade.
That's my New Year's
resolution to all of you.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.